# Mission 0 // STARS ALIGN
One small step for Union, one giant leap for Mankind

When leaving the comfort of Union’s Utopian Pillars and nearby Blinkgates to venture into Uncharted Territory, you’ll find a small planet called Sigroa. At first glance it’s easy to mistake it for a Core world thanks to the semblance of society provided by the Milna 1 Research base, but it’s hardly a fully developed and settled world. Much of the planet’s surface is covered in thick tropical flora, dissuading further expansion. In an unprecedented move by Union’s ThirdComm, Sigroa was declared a neutral zone to encourage unknown travelers from all over to approach Union peacefully and alternatively provide equal footing for anyone charting the uncharted. Milna 1 takes this mission with pride as they tout their antiquated slogan, while the weary residents and wanderers outside prefer to drown their sorrows at the local bar, Galaxy’s Wedge. Though many roll their eyes at Union’s pledge to “neutrality”, everyone who calls Sigroa home will do whatever is needed to keep the peace, including jumping into mechs from time to time. Even the most jaded resident sees Sigroa as a beacon of hope, anyone can look out at the stars and catch a glimpse of the remaining mysteries of a very well known and understood universe. 

# Mission 1 // FIRST CONTACT
Clutch. Ringer. Sanction. Triple Threat.

4 Lancers united by a call for help successfully fought off a pirate attack on a Harrison Armory cargo ship, thus preserving the peace of planet Sigroa. Recovered from the wreckage were 2 survivors, Thorny Bill Bobbin and Dr. Sola Emmanuel, along with their shipment, a mysterious NHP casket. The newly formed team returned to the Milna 1 base to debrief with Commander Flock, but after initial reluctance to divulge Union military business, Flock admitted to an urgent need for capable Lancers to support their mission. 

Before the next formal briefing, Sanction gets a moment with the injured Dr. Emmanuel…

As the team arrives to the Obsidian Knife (Ob-Kni) Asteroid Cluster to pinpoint the location of the FFT’s EVE (known as VIGIL), the hostile activity thought to be keeping its distance makes a sudden entrance. A tight formation of battered mechs, each bearing the symbol of an ornate eye, survey the outpost. One of the mechs on the smaller side appears to be the acting leader and begins to gesture in different directions. Before they move on the orders issued, the symbolic eye of the leader locks on the four of you. It raises an arm adorned with tattered robes and makes a motion that can only be interpreted as “DESTROY THEM”

# Mission 2 // THE GATE IS OPEN

Cascading VIGIL, copy of the NHP EVE, was successfully shutdown and returned to the Milna-1 base by stopping an ambush by a rogue Horus cell. As Union and Harrison Armory scientists try to make sense of EVE’s malfunctioning, new intel about the initial attack on the HA ship over Sigroa suggests the Lancers will be needed to track down another copy of EVE, PENUMBRA. 

The next destination for the Lancer squadron, Tolshira Station, has a polarizing reputation. Some marvel at its complex and elegant design that allows merchants to use their ships as storefronts, others only know it for the often unscrupulous visitors and a constant flow of nefarious business. A recent sighting of Golden Plague pirates enjoying the sights and sounds of Tolshira has done nothing to improve its standing with Union, but Commander Flock hopes this intel will help the Lancers chart a course to their mysterious captain and her most valuable treasure, the NHP PENUMBRA.

After a little shopping around Tolshira Station’s market and a discussion with Sanction’s contact, Skummer Pop, about Golden Plague’s interest in an underground fighting ring, the Lancer squadron decides to follow the intel provided by Lt. Ingrid to meet a man named Jeffeson, a manager at Tolshira Stadium’s tourist friendly Space Opera. The Space Opera is an attempt at reviving a long forgotten artistic performance from before the fall of Cradle. Its success can be explained by the allure of seeing a live show that isn’t recorded or shared over the OmniNet, which leads many to wonder what other secrets Tolshira keeps hidden on this station.

The squadron arrives at Tolshira Stadium to meet the Union informant, Jeffeson, who happens to be Gildayn’s former agent. Surprised to hear Gildayn is capable of piloting mechs now, he offers the Lancers a surefire way to get the attention of Golden Plague: participating in the underground fighting ring turned pop culture spectacle, MayhemMechs. He explains that the pirates keep poaching his champions and he’ll do anything to keep them away from his latest contenders. Thrown into the ring with colorful commentary provided by Finn Fantasia, the squadron clears waves of house mechs, the Hornet’s Nest and the Knights of the Pound Table, to the cheers of the crowd. There remains one obstacle to victory, the former champions, but they won’t go down without a fight.

# Mission 3 // FOLLOW THE NORTH STAR

By defeating the former crewmates of Clutch, Leadfoot and Reefer, at Tolshira Stadium, the squadron becomes the newest champions of MayhemMechs and successfully catches the eye of the Golden Plague Pirates. Turns out the price of their newfound fame is steep and the squadron narrowly escapes an ambush arranged by Captain Northstar herself as revenge for her slaughtered crewmates. Before they make it out, she issues a vague warning, “Don’t trust Union with NHPs”, which lingers in the minds of the Lancers as they return safely to Sigroa. The squadron takes much needed downtime, but an expected debriefing with Commander Flock never happens. Instead, new orders come from an unexpected source…

After a brief respite, the Lancer squadron learns the Milna-1 base is under lockdown due to an investigation conducted by the UIB. Sanction’s direct superior, LB Kraven, gives new orders to meet on the UIB ship, the Raven, laying low in Sigroa’s atmosphere. Upon arrival, UIB droids probe the Lancers about their past records and where their loyalties lie. A simple affirmation appeases the droids, entire histories of potentially problematic behavior get overlooked in an instant. To the Union Intelligence Bureau, there are few unknowns, and sometimes learning the full truth requires people willing to get their hands dirty. The truth of the Golden Plague hideout seems to be within reach, UIB assigns the squadron to intercept a pirate scouting party on the ocean planet Zora 4653. Success means answers, failure means getting further from the truth.  

A calm returns to the atmosphere of Zora 4653 as the Lancer Squadron clears out the Golden Plague Pirate presence and secures the Orbital Drop Beacon. They also manage to apprehend one of the combatants, codename Remora, by toying with his life supporting tech. Aboard the Scrap Heap, the Lancers and Remora have a tense exchange about what awaits them under the waves of the ocean planet. Remora reveals there’s only a single pirate on the planet: Mako, who’s tired of running errands for Captain North Star and the NHP Penumbra. The squadron lock up Remora in the ship’s bathroom and prepare to rendezvous with the former MayhemMechs champ, but a  question remains unanswered from the interrogation of Remora: what exactly is Mako looking for, other than a fight?

“AND it was the time of harvest, when the grains were their fattest, and the game-beasts their most fed. This was when METAT AUN, the Cultivator, appeared above ANTHEM, our most holy city.  “Fifteen beams across and the same again as high: a black stone, dark as a square of starless night. Its shadow stretched across ANTHEM and the valley beyond, eclipsing the sun.  “For ten days it hung above the city: the clouds of our summer sky parted before it. Our aeros would not approach: their systems, their very souls, would cry out in agony.  “The streets beneath METAT AUN thronged with penitents, overwhelming the manquellers that tried to hold them back. Our orbitals went dark, streaked across the vault in decaying loops.  “For ten days it hovered, unmoving, its planar faces absorbing light. The restless crowds beneath spoke of ghosts, visions. “In the Orrery, our Ecumon consulted their charts, the spheres, listened to the wise counsel of their machine souls. They urged the Ecumon to be patient, to not fire their weapons. To attend. “And so the Ecumon ordered the citizens of ANTHEM: ‘Be calm. Go about your business. Do not disturb the stone.’ “And to the Ecumenical worlds, they said : ‘Make no approach to Aun’Ist space. Prepare contingency vaults. Open your worlds to the stranded. Pray for your home, and keep watch.’  “For ten days, silence gripped ANTHEM. And on the eleventh day, METAT AUN spoke.”    - Book of the Ascendant Path, 1.4

# Mission 4 // MUTINY

After recovering the Aunic Black Box from Zora 4653, the squadron receives contact from Penumbra, Captain North Star’s pirated, yet seemingly repaired copy of EVE. She requests they hand over the black box to the Golden Plague, along with returning their orbital drop beacon and the captured Mako and Remora. In 3 days, Captain North Star will launch an assault on Sigroa to take it all back by force, so Penumbra offers a rendezvous point for a safe exchange before the Captain takes matters into her own hands. The squadron declines this proposal and begins to plan a counterattack. Each Lancer takes their own approach: an interrogation by a good cop/bad cop of sorts, a deal with a devilish mercenary company, and an extension of an olive branch with a steep cost, but it will become obvious soon enough to the squadron that only a united front can serve as a cure for The Golden Plague. 

Golden Plague’s mutiny started quietly, whispers of dissent among the scoundrels that only seemed to gain real traction after recent events. Some of the crew wondered, why was the Captain spending all of her time with that NHP and what did it have to do with their mission to live freely outside of Union? Those maintaining loyalty ignored these questions and maintained faith in their captain’s machinations, but murmurs of distrust continued to spread as crewmates perished on missions. Captain NorthStar mourned the losses publicly and did not want their sacrifices to be in vain. She put a bullseye on Union, decried their reliance on hired help out here in Uncharted Territory, and assured the Plague that she would be forthcoming in due time. Some of her most loyal, Smee and Barnacle, noted sincere concern on her face in regards to whatever discoveries she had made with Penumbra, so they waited patiently. Days passed without a single word from the captain until a sudden announcement: Prepare the warship, we are invading Sigroa. As the crew mulled over their orders, Mako and Remora made a triumphant return in a stolen, well-equipped frame. They proudly said what many were thinking: the captain is wrong, it is time for a change in leadership. In this moment, a line was drawn in the sand, and predictably, chaos erupted. 

The Lancer squadron, tasked with capturing Captain NorthStar and the NHP Penumbra, found themselves in the midst of a pirate uprising. Reluctantly agreeing to aid the mutiny, the Lancers quickly secure the main hangar of the base and the Comms wing, allowing a chance to send a message of hope to the others still fighting, featuring a cameo by THE Moses Williams. As UIB reinforcements race to the scene, the situation becomes clear: the captain is attempting to escape through the abandoned mines before the entire base is lost. Mako went ahead to intercept, but his comms have gone quiet. In order to catch up, the security office must be reclaimed to force a way open. And what secrets are hidden inside the captain’s research labs that loyal crewmates would risk their lives to defend? Divide and conquer is the strategy of choice, but will it pay off?

Captain’s Log: August 4, 5016u (before Mission 0)
Years out here in Uncharted Territory have gone by in a flash. The hard work of establishing a sustainable home is behind us. The crew seems to be settling into a routine of supply and recruitment missions. They keep asking me for more guidance, more about the big picture, but I feel a bit lost. Mako must’ve noticed my mood because he brought me something he thought would cheer me up: a copy of an experimental HA NHP from a recent raid. I can’t remember the last time I worked on my own research or even communicated with a NHP, the COMP/CONs on base are a poor substitute. Hoping to spend some of my freed up time with this NHP. 

August 11, 5016u (Mission 0)
The NHP refers to herself as Penumbra. She’s incredible, she has the ability to locate and connect to systems great distances away! She’s also kind in a way that’s rare for a NHP. Her proficiency with discovering the undiscoverable leads to a natural curiosity that’s very relatable for me. The only issue is she’s prone to rapid unshackling, maybe an error with the copy? If we can obtain her prime casket, I could ascertain the source of the problem, though there’s a possibility it’s simply part of her personality. There’s so much we still don’t know about NHPs. I’m sending some of the crew to retrieve her casket and thanks to Penumbra, we’ll find it no time.

August 18, 5016u (between missions 2-3)
Everything is going wrong. Union brought in new Lancers that keep getting in the way of the crew. We’ve suffered casualties. They even had the audacity to try to join us! Penumbra is acting up more frequently, but she has lucid moments and seems to be trying to tell me something. I’m really worried about her. Union seems deadset on collecting copies of their prime Eve and it’s a matter of time before they come knocking. I’m using every resource possible to bolster our forces and keep our location secret. Calypso reminded me about her flash cloning tech, I don’t support the idea, but if the crew consents to it, we could use all the help we could get. If those Lancers keep coming after us, I will have no choice but to retaliate with force. 

August 25, 5016u (right before mission 4)
Something terrible is coming. The Plague is unraveling before my eyes, I kept them out of the loop too long. I need to start over. I need to keep Penumbra safe. I need to keep everyone safe. This is too much for one person, but I’m the only one who understands what this all means. I will not be stopped.  

# Mission 5 // GONE FISHIN'

The coordinated efforts of UIB forces and the Lancer squadron eradicated the Golden Plague. Captain Northstar faces a lengthy prison sentence for her many crimes against Union, but the Eve clone Penumbra thought to be destroyed secretly lives on via the black box acquired by Ringer. UIB intends to investigate Eve’s malfunctioning without involvement from the NHP specialist responsible for her initial shackling, Dr. Sola Emmanuel. Without sufficient notice, the UIB ship the Raven departed with Milna-1’s copy of Eve, Vigil, and the prime Eve, along with prisoners deemed responsible for information leaks on the base. This leaves the Doctor with one option: return to Ras Shamra and solicit help from her mentor. In search of a ride and additional support, she looks to hire the Lancer squadron for a new mission. However, this opportunity for a fresh start appears to be mired by growing doubts and fears. 