# Mission 5 // GONE FISHIN'

The coordinated efforts of UIB forces and the Lancer squadron eradicated the Golden Plague. Captain Northstar faces a lengthy prison sentence for her many crimes against Union, but the Eve clone Penumbra thought to be destroyed secretly lives on via the black box acquired by Ringer. UIB intends to investigate Eve’s malfunctioning without involvement from the NHP specialist responsible for her initial shackling, Dr. Sola Emmanuel. Without sufficient notice, the UIB ship the Raven departed with Milna-1’s copy of Eve, Vigil, and the prime Eve, along with prisoners deemed responsible for information leaks on the base. This leaves the Doctor with one option: return to Ras Shamra and solicit help from her mentor. In search of a ride and additional support, she looks to hire the Lancer squadron for a new mission. However, this opportunity for a fresh start appears to be mired by growing doubts and fears. 

The Lancer squadron arrived on the Harrison Armory capital world, Ras Shamra, with Dr. Emmanuel to meet with her mentor, Dr. Omri, to discuss the recent issues involving the EVE NHP. Dr. Emmanuel focused on the shackling of EVE, while Dr. Omri developed the initial “lure”, the algorithms and hardware necessary to coax NHPs like EVE into existence. Upon arrival on Ras Shamra at the RDI Central Office, Dr. Emmanuel takes the lancers to meet with her associate, Dr. Warren, to discuss Dr. Omri’s current whereabouts. He’s deployed at a remote RDI campus on the night side of the tidally locked planet where communication is limited. To progress in this vital research, the squadron needs to brave an endless winter and unknown dangers.

En route to the remote RDI campus to rendezvous with Dr. Omri, a pack of hostile Shamran Tundrafiends attacked the Lancers’ mode of transport. To ensure a safe escape from the area, the Lancers deployed their new mechs and used brute force to subdue the raging monsters. Their shuttle driver, Abigail Danforth explained how tundrafiends tend to avoid humans and vehicles, but the discovery of a deceased Tundrafiend Alpha justified the fiends’ aggression. Ras Shamran hunting groups rarely bother to pursue Alphas, and even if they managed to kill one, they wouldn’t leave behind a trophy. As the shuttle nears its destination, discomfort lingers in the air like wisps of chilled breath.  

After recovering and settling in at the campus, Dr. Omri dodged questions about the lure developed for EVE, until a power outage led to the Doctor becoming a hostage of Sparri mercs. Dr. Omri revealed he had stolen tech from the Voladores and used it in EVE’s lure on orders from a rogue faction of Harrison Armory led by a clone of JCHIII. The squadron managed to fake Dr. Omri's death and send him to Tolshira Station to get him off the grid with the help of Abigail, the shuttle driver. In order to continue work on Eve, Dr. Emmanuel has put together a plan to reclaim her life's work and friend, but it won't be easy. 