# Mission 6.5 // INTERLUDE (JOLLY RANCHERS)

The prime casket for the NHP Eve, along with copies known as Eve-Milna and Vigil, were confisicated by UIB operatives and brought to a Cradle facility in the capital city of New Dharamshala. Harrison Armory leadership intends to meet with Union in person to negotiate the terms of retrieving Eve and the copies. This meeting coincides with a celebration at a nearby ballroom for the defeat of the Golden Plague pirates. In attendance will be numerous Union core world elites and Gildayn Reul as a guest of honor. With security concentrated on the celebration, Dr. Emmanuel firmly believe this is the best opportunity to reclaim Eve and prevent additional copies to be made before she can fix the prime casket. In order to complete this heist, Dr. Emmanuel has prepared numerous resources for the Lancers, including fake identities and a getaway ship to be piloted by Abigail Danforth. Arriving on Cradle with roughly 24 hours to prepare, the squadron faces some of the toughest security in the local galaxy, along with the blinding lights of the glitz, glamour, and government covering every inch of New Dharamshala.

New Dharamshala: the city of celebration and mourning, it serves as a monument to the triumphs of humanity and a stern reminder of its failings. Constantly pulled between preserving the past in spite of progress and embracing every change at any cost, the capital of Cradle serves as a microcosm of the struggles facing the Third Committee of Union. Those struggles will momentarily be put to rest at the upcoming masquerade ball, power players from all over the galaxy joining hands to cheer on the defeat of a shared foe. With the arrival of the rising star Gildayn Reul and his personal security Haken Breznik, along with the champion of the ring Calwin Storm and mild-mannered maintenance man Sal Peppalami, the night ahead will be one for the history books, but it is not yet determined whether the citizens of New Dharamshala will look back fondly on the night or see it as the moment everything started going wrong.

The squadron began their infiltration of Union’s celebratory masquerade ball. Clutch aka Sal Peppalami began casing the parking lot while posing as a valet driver and avoiding scrutiny from valet coordinator Haley. Flanked by Sanction aka bodyguard Haken Breznik, Triple Threat aka Gildayn Reul exchanged scoffs and scorn with fellow actor Tristayne and his NHP assistant Maloria while discreetly sabotaging the security consoles. Ringer aka Calwin Storm met representatives of the far left New Solidarity Coalition and learned how some see the defeat of the Golden Plague as a sign of true change coming to Union. As late arrivals representing the colonialist Fourth Column strode into the ballroom, Ringer recognized the emblem of the house of Kohler, and a faint memory from 15 years ago came speeding to the front of his mind.

Ringer remembered his rough upbringing in the baronies as he confronted one of his brothers, Karras VII, on his way to meet with an unknown Harrison Armory official. Tensions flared and insults flew, but Ringer deescalated and managed to keep his cool. Gildayn continued to hack the security terminals at the cost of his social grace, while Sanction eavesdropped on two guests that happened to be UIB agents speaking in code, revealing the rumors of a separate UIB faction to be true. Meanwhile, Clutch fixed the door he broke and took a look inside the Bureau of Science building to locate EVE and her clones. It becomes clear, the building’s power is off and the hallways are silent, a stark contrast to the brightly lit podium in the ballroom where Director Sterling Arleth of the Union DoJ prepares to give a speech.