# Mission 7 // 

# The Journey so far…
On the humble planet Sigroa serving as a gateway to the uncharted frontier of space, 4 extremely talented mech pilots, aka Lancers, came to the rescue of a ship shot down by the notorious Golden Plague pirates. In search of purpose (or simply a job), the four banded together to help Union investigate and retrieve copies of the prime NHP EVE, primarily developed by the Harrision Armory NHP specialist Dr. Sola Emmanuel. The first copy, Vigil, was found on an asteroid bound far field outpost. She was the target of several Horus defectors and zealots and seemed to be losing control of her human-like subaltern chassis. The second copy, Penumbra, was repaired by the leader of the Golden Plague pirates, Captain NorthStar (formerly Dr. Mei Ling). Retrieving Penumbra required competing in a mech coliseum thriving in the criminal underbelly of Tolshira Station, diving to the depths of Zora 4653 to plunder a reanimated Aunic wreckage, and raiding the pirate hideout on the moon Zhurong to spark a mutiny and fight the captain head-on. During the encounter, the captain’s mech became corrupted and ejected her, seemingly a result of Penumbra malfunctioning. As UIB arrived on the scene, Captain NorthStar reluctantly allowed the squadron to take Penumbra’s blackbox as she was arrested. Meanwhile, the UIB ship The Raven confiscated the prime EVE, Vigil, and the Milna-1 EVE copy to bring back to Cradle, along with 2 arrested union traitors who impeded earlier missions. Union was done with the squadron, but Dr. Emmanuel recruited the 4 to help with Eve. 

On Ras Shamra, the homeworld of Harrison Armory, the squadron was tasked by Dr. Emmanuel to escort her to a meeting with her mentor, Dr. Isaac Omri, at a remote campus on the perpetual night and winter half of the planet. Taken in a shuttle by Abigail Danforth, they fought off enraged Shamran Tundrafiends, provoked by the loss of their alpha to attack the shuttle. After recovering and settling in at the campus, Dr. Omri dodged questions about the lure developed for EVE, until a power outage led to the Dr becoming a hostage of Sparri mercs. Dr. Omri revealed he had stolen tech from the Voladores and used it in EVE’s lure on orders from a rogue faction of Harrison Armory led by a clone of JCHIII. The squadron managed to fake Dr. Omri's death and send him to Tolshira Station to get him off the grid with the help of Abigail, the shuttle driver. In order to continue work on Eve, Dr. Emmanuel has put together a plan to reclaim her life's work and friend, but it won't be easy. 