# Mission // #005
## Gone Fishin'
# Goals
- Rendezvous with Dr. Omri at remote night side RDI Campus via shuttle 
- Maintain low profile, the facility's location is classified to civilians
- Keep watch for hostile night side megafauna
  - Shamran Tundrafiends were spotted recently along the route, but they are calm unless provoked
  - WARNING: HOSTILE MEGAFAUNA DETECTED, PROTECT THE SHUTTLE BY ANY MEANS NECESSARY
- Optional - Dr. Emmanuel suggests assisting Dr. Omri with campus upkeep to earn favor

# Stakes
- Dr. Omri is vital to solving the issues behind EVE's malfunctioning
- Revealing whereabouts of RDI campus could endanger research and safety of staff
- The lives of Dr. Emmanuel and Abigail Danforth are essential for your mission

# Reserves
- None at this time.

# Conditions
- Local cultures have adapted to the frozen climate, but mechs and pilots quickly freeze without a nearby source of heat. Mechs that don’t move or Boost on their turn become Immobilized at the end of their turn. This lasts until they break free with a successful Hull save as a quick action. In addition, all mechs gain Resistance to Heat.

# UPDATED OBJECTIVES:
Your arrival at the RDI campus coincides with an ambush on the campus from a group of Sparri mercenaries, demanding the head of Dr. Omri for his crimes against the Voladores.

# Goals
- Defend the RDI campus.
- Ensure the safety of Dr. Omri and Dr. Emmanuel
- Escort the scientists back to the arcology.

# Stakes
- If the mission is failed, the research at the RDI campus will be lost, along with the lives of 2 top HA NHP specialists. HA will not forget this.

# Reserves
- None at this time.