# Mission // #006
## Cradle Robbers

The prime casket for the NHP Eve, along with copies known as Eve-Milna and Vigil, were confisicated by UIB operatives and brought to a Cradle facility in the capital city of New Dharamshala. Harrison Armory leadership intends to meet with Union in person to negotiate the terms of retrieving Eve and the copies. This meeting coincides with a celebration at a nearby ballroom for the defeat of the Golden Plague pirates. In attendance will be numerous Union core world elites and Gildayn Reul as a guest of honor. With security concentrated on the celebration, Dr. Emmanuel firmly believe this is the best opportunity to reclaim Eve and prevent additional copies to be made before she can fix the prime casket.

# Goals
- Determine if additional copies of Eve were already distributed by gathering intel at the celebration.
- Covertly swap the copies of Eve with fakes.
- Extract the Eve Prime casket (~2 tons) from the facility.
- Transport all Eves to an escape vessel outside of the city.

# Stakes
- Based on the destructive capabilities observed of the malfunctioning Eve copy Penumbra, failing to recover Eve from Union or HA custody could lead a massive shift in political and military power at best. 
- If Harrison Armory resumes ownership of Eve, Dr. Emmanuel is likely to be targeted in a similar manner as Dr. Omri.
- If Union holds on to Eve, they could escalate the secret Aunic war by pinpointing the location of the Aunic homeworld.
- This is a highly illegal operation with drastic consequences if caught, good luck!

# Reserves
- SCOUTING: Dr. Emmanuel has resumed her work with Harrison Armory and will travel with HA leadership as a cover to gather necessary intel about the venue and facility. 
- VEHICLE: Shuttle driver Abigail Danforth has offered to assist by piloting an escape vessel capable of a nearlight bolt.
- DISGUISE: Dr. Emmanuel has prepared fake identities and invitations to the celebration for Ringer, Clutch, and Sanction. The celebration is a MECHSQUERADE that will require custom 1/2 size frames that conceal your facial features.