# Mission // #007
## Don't Throw Stones

Lord Otto "SECUTOR" Emmanuel, uncle to Dr. Sola Emmanuel, offers safe haven on "The Ranch" to the squadron and their stolen NHPs, but the minor House Emmanuel (aka the House of Sabers) demands his return from retirement to compete in the House Games. 

"Boys, the House Games are not to be taken lightly. We first need to compete in a qualifier match with the other families that represent the House of Glass here on Ispahsalar. Typically there is a free-for-all sporting event between teams to determine which family represents House Glass for the biggest Pankration Mekani matches. Depending on how well we do, we could be going against some of the best of the best pankrati of the other Houses during the games, or if we have a poor showing, House Glass may send me to compete at one of the other events like horseback riding instead, and regretfully I retired from physical sport decades before retiring from Pankration Mekani. This outcome would bring shame to House Emmanuel, so we need to make it to the main stage by any means necessary. You may face questions regarding your relation to House Emmanuel, you are my retinue and now part of the official pankrati team of House Emmanuel, and it is fully within a House's authority to bring hired help to the games. However, it would serve us all better to refer to each other by codename only to minimize scrutiny moving forward.
After the qualifier, we'll be traveling to the Kreoss for the start of the Games, which is thankfully quite close to Ispahsalar. Other Houses do not have the same luxury and some have been en route for literal years from their home planets, training all the while. For those of you not familiar with the Baronies, simply referring to the Kreoss as an arena is like calling the Last Argument of Kings a petty squabble. Some of the Houses play dirty, so keep your wits about you. The House of Order enforces the rules where they can, but the scope of the event is impossible to fully manage, even with NHP assistance. 

# Goals
- Guarantee a high ranking for House Emmanuel in the qualifier match, then lead the House of Glass to victory in the Games.
- Ensure the safety of Otto and his mech throughout the Games.

# Stakes
- A poor performance in the qualifier and the Games proper will lead to House Emmanuel repossessing the land of "The Ranch", leaving Otto without a home and the squadron without sanctuary.
- The squadron is still on the run, the Baronies have little interest in catching the criminals, but EVE and her clones are still of interest to KTB's leadership.

# Reserves
- TBD
